Mike Garcia here with Johnson outdoors
here to show you some of the features of
our new Predator MX it's a really neat
new fishing kayak and it's designed with
fishermen in mind a pro staff input a
lot of neat features and I'm going to
roll over some of these start with the
deck our new XO Ridge deck allows water
to drain out of the boat without leaving
any puddles in it it's a really neat
feature and we outfit it with one-way
scuppers that allow water to come out of
it quickly and no water to come in
that's an absolutely really cool feature
we've got six attachment points laid
strategically around the kayak and they
allow you to outfit with whatever you
like if you like slide tracks or if you
like Scotty type of mounts you can put
them where you need them for your reach
it's a really nice feature our new Creek
seal hatch it positively clicks and
seals and it literally keeps a really
good suction and it's a waterproof seal
in the hatch we've got little tiny boots
up in the front here and they fit your
rod tips you could also lay a paddle
into it and keep it along with some
paddle keepers or rod handle keepers to
the backside so you can store to
laid-out rods completely rigged and
ready to go if you have to change to a
top water from dragging a worm you can
just pick up the other rod and do it our
three position seat we have a low
position for fast attack getting across
in higher winds we've got a raised
position and that's for attack fishing
from a higher six to eight inches higher
raised position and we can roll it up
all the way back up out of the way we
have the whole deck for you to stand and
cast from so it's some of the neat
features while I'm here on the sides of
the gunnels have nice little tackle
keepers that those little things that
wander in and out and you're always
throwing them on the deck now you have a
place to keep them or you can lay small
tackle boxes in there it's a real nice
feature that we're proud of again
towards the back a large well in the
back that you can carry your tackle
tackle boxes your crate that's rigged
with the rods on it and you still have
enough room into the back of the boat to
put an ice chest in it it's large this
is our MX vs. and it's for mixed water
moving water smaller bodies of water
it's real maneuverable and easy to turn
and we have the next size up is the 13
it can be rigged with a rudder and it's
got more inline stability it's a little
bit faster boat so we really want to get
out here and take a look at the MX and
the 13 if you're interested in fishing
it's a stand-up kayak that is meant to
do that get out and fish we're really
happy with